experiment	session	item	condition	baseFile	contextFile	Manipulation	ManipulationCoding	design	question	qType	qAnswer1	qAnswer2	question2	q2Type	q2Answer1	q2Answer2	question3	q3Type	q3Answer1	q3Answer2	instructions
nonceITL	1	1	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d11.wav	i11_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	1	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	2	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d12.wav	i11_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	2	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	3	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d13.wav	i11_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	3	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	4	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d14.wav	i11_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	4	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	5	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d21.wav	i11_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	5	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	6	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d31.wav	i11_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	6	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	7	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d41.wav	i11_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	7	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	8	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d11.wav	i12_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	8	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	9	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d12.wav	i12_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	9	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	10	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d13.wav	i12_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	10	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	11	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d14.wav	i12_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	11	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	12	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d21.wav	i12_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	12	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	13	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d31.wav	i12_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	13	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	14	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i12_p11_d41.wav	i12_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	14	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i12_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i12_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	15	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d11.wav	i13_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	15	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	16	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d12.wav	i13_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	16	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	17	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d13.wav	i13_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	17	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	18	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d14.wav	i13_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	18	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	19	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d21.wav	i13_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	19	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	20	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d31.wav	i13_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	20	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	21	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i13_p11_d41.wav	i13_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	21	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i13_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i13_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	22	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d11.wav	i14_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	22	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	23	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d12.wav	i14_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	23	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	24	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d13.wav	i14_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	24	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	25	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d14.wav	i14_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	25	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	26	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d21.wav	i14_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	26	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	27	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d31.wav	i14_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	27	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	28	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i14_p11_d41.wav	i14_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	28	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i14_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i14_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	29	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d11.wav	i21_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	29	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	30	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d12.wav	i21_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	30	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	31	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d13.wav	i21_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	31	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	32	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d14.wav	i21_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	32	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	33	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d21.wav	i21_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	33	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	34	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d31.wav	i21_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	34	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	35	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i21_p11_d41.wav	i21_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	35	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i21_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i21_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	36	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d11.wav	i31_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	36	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	37	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d12.wav	i31_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	37	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	38	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d13.wav	i31_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	38	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	39	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d14.wav	i31_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	39	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	40	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d21.wav	i31_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	40	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	41	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d31.wav	i31_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	41	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	42	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i31_p11_d41.wav	i31_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	42	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i31_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i31_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	43	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d11.wav	i41_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	43	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	44	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d12.wav	i41_p11_d12	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	44	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d12_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d12	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	45	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d13.wav	i41_p11_d13	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	45	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d13_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d13	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	46	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d14.wav	i41_p11_d14	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	46	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d14_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d14	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	47	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d21.wav	i41_p11_d21	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	47	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d21_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d21	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	48	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d31.wav	i41_p11_d31	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	48	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d31_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d31	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	49	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i41_p11_d41.wav	i41_p11_d41	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	49	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i41_p11_d41_reverse.wav	i41_p11_d41	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	50	1	baga	ba_equal_ga_equal_i11_p11_d11.wav	i11_p11_d11	Forward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt
nonceITL	1	50	2	gaba	ga_equal_ba_equal_i11_p11_d11_reverse.wav	i11_p11_d11	Backward	LatinSquare	Which word did you hear in the sequence?	mcF	baga	gaba	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	BAga	baGA	Which syllable did you hear as stressed?	mcF	GAba	gaBA	instructions.txt