experiment	session	item	condition	StimulusType	Type	contextFile	question1	question1Type	question1EndPoints	design	instructions
williamsPractice	1	1	1	Willliams	Bad	W18B.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	Slider	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliamsP.md
williamsPractice	1	1	2	Willliams	Good	W18G.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	Slider	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliamsP.md
williamsPractice	1	2	1	Willliams	Bad	W20B.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	Slider	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliamsP.md
williamsPractice	1	2	2	Willliams	Good	W20G.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	Slider	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliamsP.md
williams	2	1	1	Willliams	Bad	W1B.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	1	2	Willliams	Good	W1G.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	1	3	Willliams	Identical	W1I.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	2	1	Willliams	Bad	W2B.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	2	2	Willliams	Good	W2G.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	2	3	Willliams	Identical	W2I.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	3	1	Willliams	Bad	W3B.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	3	2	Willliams	Good	W3G.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
williams	2	3	3	Willliams	Identical	W3I.mp3	### How natural did you find this utterance?	LikertKey	['very unnatural','very natural']	LatinSquare	instructionsWilliams.md
rhymePractice	3	1	1	Rhyme	Bad	R16B.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Likert	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhymeP.md
rhymePractice	3	1	2	Rhyme	Good	R16G.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Likert	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhymeP.md
rhymePractice	3	2	1	Rhyme	Bad	R17B.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Likert	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhymeP.md
rhymePractice	3	2	2	Rhyme	Good	R17G.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Likert	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhymeP.md
rhymeRep	4	1	1	Rhyme	Bad	R1B.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	1	2	Rhyme	Good	R1G.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	1	3	Rhyme	Identical	R1I.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	2	1	Rhyme	Bad	R2B.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	2	2	Rhyme	Good	R2G.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	2	3	Rhyme	Identical	R2I.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	3	1	Rhyme	Bad	R3B.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	3	2	Rhyme	Good	R3G.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md
rhymeRep	4	3	3	Rhyme	Identical	R3I.mp3	### How good did you find this rhyme?	Slider	['very poor rhyme','very good rhyme']	LatinSquare	instructionsRhyme.md